[skip changelog] Migrate relevant documentation pages from arduino/Arduino wiki (#616)
arduino/arduino-cli: docs/library-specification.md

This is the specification for the 3rd party library format to be used with Arduino IDE 1.5.x onwards.

* rev.1 has been implemented starting with IDE version 1.5.3 (now superseded by rev.2)
* rev.2 will be implemented starting from version 1.5.6
* rev.2.1 will be implemented starting from version 1.6.10
* rev.2.2 will be implemented starting from version 1.8.10

> This new library format is intended to be used in tandem with the Arduino IDE"s **Library Manager**, available since version 1.6.2. The Library Manager allows users to automatically download and install libraries needed in their projects, with an easy to use graphic interface. It doesn't yet take care of dependencies between libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new library format is intended to be used in tandem with the Arduino IDE's **Library Manager**, available since version 1.6.2. The Library Manager allows users to automatically download and install libraries needed in their projects, with an easy to use graphic interface. It doesn't yet take care of dependencies between libraries.
```

Author: I also noticed this, as well as some other issues, but I thought it would be best for this PR to be as much a straight across migration of the content as possible, since I know all the commits will be squashed. This typo exists in the original content, it's not something I introduced during the migration.

I had planned to submit a follow up PR to fix the issues I noticed while I was doing the migration.

That said, if you want me to fix this in this PR, I'm happy to do so. I'm glad I'm not the only one who notices and cares about these sorts of details.

Reviewer: We can merge and fix it right after, I have no objections, so let's wait for @cmaglie review on the topic level then.

## Working with multiple architectures

In 1.5.x+, libraries placed in the user’s sketchbook folder (in the libraries/ subfolder) will be made available for all boards, which may include multiple different processor architectures. To provide architecture-specific code or optimizations, library authors can use the ARDUINO_ARCH_XXX preprocessor macro (#define), where XXX is the name of the architecture (as determined by the name of the folder containing it), e.g. ARDUINO_ARCH_AVR will be defined when compiling for AVR-based boards. For example,

    #if defined(ARDUINO_ARCH_AVR)
      // AVR-specific code
    #elif defined(ARDUINO_ARCH_SAM)
      // SAM-specific code
    #else
      // generic, non-platform specific code
    #endif

Alternatively, if a library only works on certain architectures, you can provide an explicit error message (instead of allowing the compilation to fail in a difficult to understand way):

    #if defined(ARDUINO_ARCH_AVR)
      // AVR-specific code
    #elif defined(ARDUINO_ARCH_SAM)
      // SAM-specific code
    #else
      #error “This library only supports boards with an AVR or SAM processor.”
    #endif

## Old library format (pre-1.5)

> In order to support old libraries (from Arduino 1.0.x), Arduino 1.5.x+ will also compile libraries missing a library.properties metadata file. As a result, these libraries should behave as they did in Arduino 1.0.x, although they will be available for all boards, including non-AVR ones (which wouldn’t have been present in 1.0.x).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to support old libraries (from Arduino IDE 1.0.x), Arduino IDE 1.5.x+ will also compile libraries missing a library.properties metadata file. As a result, these libraries should behave as they did in Arduino IDE 1.0.x, although they will be available for all boards, including non-AVR ones (which wouldn’t have been present in 1.0.x).
```
